README.md, before:

rpi_server
==========

418 final project - A Distributed, Low-Power Server, meant to be run on raspberry pis.

By Xiaofan and Sean!

From the src directory...

    To acivate a master:
    
        > go run runners/mrunner/mrunner.go
        
    To acivate a worker:
    
        > go run runners/wrunner/wrunner.go
        
    To acivate a client:
    
        > go run runners/crunner/crunner.go
        
File Structure:

    src/client:

Client interface to access server.

    src/masterserver:
    
Main master server. Used to reroute client requests to many 
    workers -- may use caching of results in the future. Only point of contact with 
    with workers.

    src/workerserver:
Worker servers -- store information, do computation.

    src/rpc/masterrpc:
    src/rpc/workerrpc:
Contains information regarding rpc calls to master (from client + workers) and 
    rpc calls to worker (from master).

    src/rpc/ipaddrs:

Contains information about port choices, IP address, and number of workers.
    Must be customized for configuration, dependent on master IP address.

    src/hashing:
Contains information regarding hashing functionality.

    src/runners:
Contains code to actually activate client, master, worker.

Commit message:

added net config in README

README.md, after:

rpi_server
==========

418 final project - A Distributed, Low-Power Server, meant to be run on raspberry pis.

By Xiaofan and Sean!

RPi Network Config & Status:

  Public IP:
    "67.172.17.220" -- DHCP 
    (ask me for new IP if this doesn't work)
    The public IP connects to the master, 
    you need to use the master to connect to 
    the workers to set up workers

  LAN SSH IP:
    Master:
    li01: 192.168.1.51
    
    Worker:
    li02: 192.168.1.52
    li03: 192.168.1.53
    li04: 192.168.1.54
    li05: 192.168.1.55
    li06: 192.168.1.56

  Status: 
    li01-04 is on for testing.

  Info on GIT Repo:
    code base is in "~/code"
    push/pull key is in src/RSA.txt



From the src directory...

    To acivate a master:
    
        > go run runners/mrunner/mrunner.go
        
    To acivate a worker:
    
        > go run runners/wrunner/wrunner.go
        
    To acivate a client:
    
        > go run runners/crunner/crunner.go
        
File Structure:

    src/client:

Client interface to access server.

    src/masterserver:
    
Main master server. Used to reroute client requests to many 
    workers -- may use caching of results in the future. Only point of contact with 
    with workers.

    src/workerserver:
Worker servers -- store information, do computation.

    src/rpc/masterrpc:
    src/rpc/workerrpc:
Contains information regarding rpc calls to master (from client + workers) and 
    rpc calls to worker (from master).

    src/rpc/ipaddrs:

Contains information about port choices, IP address, and number of workers.
    Must be customized for configuration, dependent on master IP address.

    src/hashing:
Contains information regarding hashing functionality.

    src/runners:
Contains code to actually activate client, master, worker.
